Friends, welcome back here in the template we are going to style this little bar up with the subscriber
and the content right here.
Let's get at it in our code editor.
Go to the bottom where we left off with our styles.
After the media query, you'll see the title banner and then below that title banner, we're going to
add the styles for the content.
Sorry, the subscriber.
Feel free to add a comment to just kind of show you know where you are.
It's easier to see where you are.
Amidst a sea of success.
And we're going to say subscribed bar.
And then we're going to select the subscribed bar class now in our markup just to make sure we're good.
We got the section of the class of subscriber.
So just to be clear, we're styling this up right now.
Subscriber it's going to have the background color of triple one, which is like a just slightly off
black.
Then padding is going to be 30 pixels top bottom zero sorry, 30 pixels on the top, zero in the left
in the right, 10 pixels on the bottom.
Save it!
Let's have a little look, see and see what it looks like.
All right, cool.
Obviously, we need to see our words.
So let's do that.
We're going to select the Subscribe Bar paragraph tags.
That's going to be a color white.
And then margin bottom paragraphs typically have margin on them, especially on the bottom.
And we're going to override that with zero, and then we're going to do subscribe bar input.
And then a comma actually, or in a combine that with another selector and we're going to say subscriber.
And then class of BTN, we're going with one hundred percent overflow hidden.
And then display in line block now, just to be clear, this is a really temporary style, this input
one because the reality is this isn't just going to be a hand coded or hard coded form input.
You're actually probably going to embed a form from ConvertKit, MailChimp Drip, send Fox whatever
you're using to collect an email address to build your email list.
I know that's what I'm going to be doing on the actual bootstrapped WordPress site right now.
This is just an input, but in elementary we can actually change that right here in the HTML we're offering.
The basically this section is HTML code and you can just put your form there.
And now right now, it's just like a dummy form.
But basically, I will I will capture, you know, I'll I'll get the embed code from ConvertKit, my
email marketing software and embed it so that I can actually collect an email address in a section.
Now, as you can see, the button doesn't look very good because we have a really styled the buttons.
So if we go back to our CSC, head up to the very top in our kind of styles like typography, rather,
let's just call this typography.
We should have some button styles in there right after we have our our kind of typography style.
So let's say buttons, styles and then in here is what we're going to do.
Things like we'll go between the class of button.
And that's going to have the styles padding 20 pixels, 30 pixels, that means 20 on the top and the
bottom and 30 on the left and the right display in line block no border.
A transition for the button is going to be zero point three seconds or, as you may know, VAR Dash,
Dash transition.
Do you are?
Mort, that margin, the margin bottom would be 20 Pexels Font weight is going be bold, that's going
to make this button look.
Uh, well, in theory, a lot better.
It's not quite there.
Now let's keep going for that button.
Well, while we're at it, we might as well do a hover.
Basically want to add a little bit of box shadow when we hover, just to give it a little bit of a usability
kind of.
Hey, you, we recognize you hovered over this input or this element rather box out of five pixels,
five pixels, 20 pixels GBA zero zero zero zero point five.
Same thing with the fallbacks web kit.
So that's the hover.
If you check it out.
You know, you don't really see anything there, because I'm not sure why, actually.
Maybe we'll see it once we actually style up the the button that we're using here, which is button
invert.
OK, so let's keep styling these buttons and then we'll probably we'll see.
It's probably don't see it because it's black on black.
That's why you can't see the black shadow on the black background.
That's why.
All right.
BTN combine it with BTN Primary.
So this means a button that a button class that also has the button class of BTN primary.
So an element that has both of these classes together is what we're going to be doing.
Styling and color triple one.
The background color is going to be f two C nine for C.
Padding 20 and 50.
Now let's see if that's a variable.
I think it is.
F two.
No, it's not.
We we might not need to use that as a variable if we use it again, then we'll make it a variable.
Now we're going to also do button secondary because these are our button styles, we might as well start
them up.
So this is going to be color white and then the background color is going to be R.G. be a.
And we're going to go with zoologist Richard 02:51, 51, 51, zero point one, OK.
And let's also at our BTN.
Additionally, the class of BTN Invert, which is the one that we are styling right now in our subscriber
color white padding 12 pixels of 44 pixels background color.
We're going to go with our GBA 255 255 255 zero point to save it.
Let's see.
Much better.
We need a hover effect on that as well.
So button invert, we're going to give that a hover effect.
And we're just going to give it a box shadow of five pixels, five pixels, 20 pixels and then 20 RGV,
a 255, 255 255 and then point five.
So basically white at half the alpha channel and then put the fallbacks there as well for the other
browsers.
If you care to.
Save that over, there it is, you know, I'm even a little more subtle, that's too much.
I don't like that.
Let's do point to.
All right.
Not jived about it, but.
Do you like it, you can leave it up to you now.
I don't like the size of that input.
We might as well start input while we're at it.
So we'll just maybe we'll get another section here called forms and then we'll say input type.
Text font size 18 pixels, what's the base font size 18, so let's just make it one rim perfect padding
eight pixels, five five pixels and then border radius going to be five pixels.
Save it.
There it is.
Done much better.
Cool.
Looks good now since we got those buttons done.
Let's head down, down, down, down.
To the bottom of our stylesheet.
After subscriber, we're going to start styling our.
Content.
To grab the class content area, and we're going to say padding one hundred pixels zero, so one hundred
pixels top and bottom zero on the left and right.
OK.
And that looks going to give it some more padding here.
Nice.
And then this is going to be the post list on the blog template.
We're going to go select article with the class of post that's going to have the margin of 50 pixels
top bottom zero left right.
I'll see.
Nice.
OK.
We're going to like post, so the class of post with the.
And also the class of matter.
So post matter, we're going to have font size 16 pixels, font weight 600 pixels.
Text transform uppercase color f five zero zero five seven.
And the margin bottom of eight.
Save it.
There we go.
You see, that's nice.
Very nice.
We use that style.
That color, don't we?
I then read, what if we use the color red there, let's see if that worked as a variable.
I don't want to get too crazy with colors here and when I want to be consistent VAR dash, dash, color,
dash red.
Let's see if that works.
Yeah, I like that.
I like it.
Goes read.
Now we're also going to select the blog class post a hover H2.
So this is this is where we're going to get a problem post a hover.
So I remember we changed our markup so that the Level two heading wraps the tag.
So this is going to not work right here because I'm selecting a hover H2.
So it should be.
Blog post H2.
A hover.
That should do it.
And we're going to say color.
On that hovers two seven, eight six zero, let's see what it is.
Green, so I know that's green.
So we're going to add a variable dash dash colour dash green.
Save.
OK.
I think that did it.
Now we want to select the blog post, paragraph tags, and we want those font sizes to be 20 pixels.
You know, you could do like one point one RAM or something like that, but we'll just do a hardcoded
number there.
Let's just say one RAM actually will make it 18 pixels.
Try and be consistent with your font sizes to font weight is going to be five hundred.
Color, we'll say.
Eight, two, eight two eight two men have been a lighter, kind of lighter black or a darker gray line
height one point five.
Well, let's have a check.
OK.
Let's see how it looks compared to this.
So it is a bit smaller there.
You know, I kind of want that to be bigger paragraphs, be bigger.
Yeah, let's do it.
Let's say one point to him that works for me.
OK, blog post.
Now next is blog post.
Read more link.
So that's a read more link.
We want that to be the color at five zero zero five seven.
Now do we use that?
Yes, so it's this.
You know, I'm going to I'm going to go like this.
We did color red here for the post postmaster.
We're going to add a color variable called pink.
There it is, going to go down where we did color red for the post, Matt, I'm going to go color pink.
We're going to do the same thing for this one for the Read More Link.
Font size is going to be 1.2 RAM.
Font weight five hundred.
Display in line block margin top is 12 pixels.
In transition, we want that to be over.
Transition, Dir.
Here it is.
OK.
It's looking pretty good.
Now, when we hover over this link, I want a little kind of effect.
It's going to be read more.
A read more Hover.
And then we're going to say color.
Is two, seven eight six zero.
Do we use that as a variable?
Yes, that's green.
Just to confirm.
And padding left five pixels, just like a little effect.
It looks very nice.
And one little thing here are these links are blue, whereas this final one, they're black.
So we're going to change that.
They also look bigger.
So let's fix that.
That's a level two heading, so we're going to go in here and we're going to say blog post H to A..
I'm going to say font size.
I don't know to RAM just guessing here, maybe it's bigger and color is going to be black like a triple
one.
OK, an easy, bigger maybe for him.
Three RAM, that works for me.
That's great.
We're going to keep this lesson real short because the last one was just jumbotron.
Next lesson we're going to star this little thing up right here.
OK?
Ta da.